It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design - wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
Many small investors are facing a double whammy this year : They got hurt by investing in the highly risky junk bond market , and the pain is worse because they did it with borrowed money . 
These people invested in " leveraged " junk bond mutual funds , the publicly traded funds that make a habit of taking out loans to buy extra junk . 
It 's a good strategy in a rising market , where a 25 % leveraged portfolio in effect allows investors to have 125 % of their money working for them . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
Trouble is , junk bond prices have been weak for months . 
Thus , the leverage has amplified the funds ' portfolio losses . 
And shares of leveraged junk funds this year have been clobbered even harder than the junk bonds they hold . 
" That 's really where the leverage hurt , " says Thomas Herzfeld , a Miami-based investment manager who specializes in closed-end funds . 
" Share prices performed even worse than the funds ' asset values because fear has taken hold " in the junk market , he says . 
Leverage is never a problem for the traditional " open end " mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all . 
Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds . 
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds . 
The fallout for investors lately has been painful . 
Consider the New America High Income Fund . 
With a leveraged position of about 45 % , the fund 's share price has plunged 28.5 % so far this year . 
That 's worse than the price drop sustained by the bonds in its portfolio , whose total return ( bond-price changes plus interest ) has amounted to a negative 6.08 % . 
Such problems may not be over . 
Leveraged funds in particular " are still extremely vulnerable , because we 're still at the beginning of problems in the junk market , " says George Foot , a managing partner at Newgate Management Associates in Northampton , Mass . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
" If someone actually sat down and thought about what they were being sold , " says Gerald Perritt , editor of the Mutual Fund Letter in Chicago , they might shy away . 
In a typical leverage strategy , a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money . 
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors . 
But when the market moves against the fund , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged . 
Fund managers , for their part , defend their use of leverage . 
Carl Ericson , who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund , says the fund 's 25 % leverage has jacked up its interest income . 
" As long as I am borrowing at 9.9 % and each { bond } yields over that , it enhances the yield , " he maintains . 
Mr. Ericson says he tries to offset the leverage by diversifying the fund 's portfolio . 
Yet some funds have pulled in their horns . 
New America High Income Fund recently said that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors . 
